Title: Speakers
Date: 2014-10-31 11:44

### Collin 'collinrm' Mulliner

    Sömething sömething möbile research

Collin did not send richo an abstract **or** a bio. Which is a fairly brave move.  I'm pretty sure he's gunna talk about something to do with portable telephones because that's all collin knows anything about.

Collin works for <strike>stripe</strike> Square and knows things about portable telephones.

### Michael Ossmann

    Whole Packet Clock Recovery

Reverse engineers and others new to Software Defined Radio
frequently stumble when faced with the challenge of clock
recovery.  After identifying a signal and determining its
modulation characteristics, reverse engineers often turn
away from SDR tools and rely on crude means such as pen
and paper to decode packets.  They do this because
traditional SDR clock recovery techniques are needlessly
difficult to use.

These traditional techniques are ill-suited to the
scenario in which an entire packet waveform is stored in
memory.  Instead of using algorithms designed to require
minimal state, we should have techniques that take
advantage of the availability of a complete packet
waveform.  Such methods should make clock recovery more
reliable and easier to use, at the expense of computing
resources.

I will report on my investigation of whole packet clock
recovery techniques and will demonstrate an open source
implementation that produces packet data from a
demodulated waveform with zero configuration.

Michael Ossmann is a wireless security researcher who
makes hardware for hackers.  Best known for the open
source HackRF, Ubertooth, and Daisho projects, he founded
Great Scott Gadgets in an effort to put exciting, new
tools into the hands of innovative people.

### Mike Ryan

    Memory Corruption bugs in classic zelda games

Mike didn't even submit a talk, but I'm making him talk about Zelda games because it's a talk I wanted to hear.

Mike Ryan leads the red team at eBay, claims to own and operate a conscience, and owns the domain bluetooth.expert.

### nico

    Walking tour of L-band satellite communications

The L-band (1-2GHz) is used for a many satellite
communications systems (GNSS, Inmarsat, Globalstar,
Iridium, etc) which are designed to interface small
antennas. This makes this band attractive for individuals
who do not want to have a massive satellite dish
installed. Additionally, these communication systems have
many legacy components which do not focus on security and
therefore have a very weak trust model. I'll briefly cover
what is in L-band, then show what a practical
hardware/software setup would look like, and then give a
short example of a data capture and decoding.

I presently work in aircraft communications/flight systems
with a prior experience in surgical electronics and neural
interfaces.

### irq

    spying on (redacted) web conference meetings

In this talk I will go over a python app that I wrote
which allows you to find meeting rooms of (redacted)
users.

I've been a network engineer, worked in Incident Response,
and Secure Development Lifecycle. I'm now a part of a red
team where I get paid to break things.

### Sam Stewart

    Naval-Gazing with Docker

Frenchie is a security tinkerer at ThoughWorks, and spends
his time speaking in the third person, and largely
avoiding writing biographies.  Security toots at
[@nfFrenchie](https://twitter.com/nfFrenchie).

### Joe Fitz

    Check out my new implants!

Not as clumsy or random as a hammer. An elegant weapon for
a more civilized age. Permanent denial of service is fun
and all, but I've been messing around with a bunch of
different hardware, trying to figure out the cheapest,
smallest devices i could assemble that could give root
shells(or equivalent) on a few embedded devices. I'll show
off some hardware implants that target crappy IOT junk,
sketchy ICS devices, and some cool display adapter tricks.
I'll finish with some video demos of my new implants in
action.

Joe FitzPatrick is an Instructor and Researcher at
[SecuringHardware.com](https://securinghardware.com). Joe
has spent over a decade working on low-level silicon
debug, security validation, and hardware penetration
testing, and hardware security training. In between
training and bricking hardware, Joe is busy developing new
course content or working on contributions to the NSA
Playset and other misdirected
hardware projects.

### Michael Weissbacher

    These Chrome extensions spy on 8 million users

This talk investigates the upalytics.com library for
Chrome extensions performing real time tracking of users
on all sites they visit. The code is bundled with plenty
of “free” extensions, exfiltrating browsing history as a
feature. Such software is commonly known as spyware.
Within the top 7,000 extensions of the Chrome Web store,
the library is used 41 times with over 8 million installs.

Michael didn't so much submit a talk as get roped into giving one at SummerCon. His twitter bio reads: `PhD student. Web Security mostly. Shellphish.`
